docs/admin-panel-setup.md, before:

# Admin Panel

Follow these instructions to set up and run the admin panel locally or in production.

## 1. Prerequisites
Complete the auth server setup first.

## 2. Get Started

```
cd melody-auth/admin-panel
cp .env.example .env
```

## 3. Update the .env file with the following variables:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_URI: Set this to the host url of your admin panel app
NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_URI: Set this to the host url of your auth server.
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_ID: Client ID for the Admin Panel (SPA) app
SERVER_CLIENT_ID: Client ID for the Admin Panel (S2S) app
SERVER_CLIENT_SECRET: Client secret for the Admin Panel (S2S) app
```

- For Cloudflare remote/production environment, you can find the necessary information in the Cloudflare dashboard under "Workers & Pages" -> D1 -> Melody Auth database -> app table.
- For Cloudflare local/development environment, use the following command to retrieve app information:
  ```
  cd melody-auth/server
  wrangler d1 execute melody-auth --command="select * from app"
  ```
- For NodeJS environment, check your Postgres melody-auth database -> app table

## 4. Start the admin panel app

Start the admin panel app
```
cd melody-auth/admin-panel
npm install
npm run dev
```

### First-time Setup

1. When you first access the admin panel, you'll be redirected to the auth server login screen. Create a new account.
2. After creating an account, you'll be redirected back to the admin panel with an "super_admin role required" alert. This is expected for new accounts.
3. To grant super admin access:
    - For Cloudflare remote/production environment:
      1. Go to the Cloudflare dashboard
      2. Navigate to "Workers & Pages" -> D1 -> Melody Auth database -> user_role table
      3. Add a new record with userId = 1 and roleId = 1 (assuming you just created the first user)
    - For Cloudflare local/development environment:
      ```
      cd melody-auth/server
      wrangler d1 execute melody-auth --command="insert into user_role (userId, roleId) values (1, 1)"
      ```
    - For NodeJS environment, insert following record to your Postgres melody-auth database:
      ```
      insert into user_role (userId, roleId) values (1, 1)
      ```
4. Logout (Required after update user role) and login again. You should now have full access.

### Deploy Admin Panel to Cloudflare Workers
The Admin Panel is a full-stack Next.js application typically deployed in a Node.js environment. Deployment to Cloudflare Workers is now supported via the opennextjs-cloudflare package.
  
Steps to Deploy:  
1. Create a new worker named "melody-auth-admin-panel"
2. Go to "melody-auth-admin-panel" Cloudflare Dashboard -> Settings -> Variables and Secrets, add following secrets
    ```
    SERVER_CLIENT_ID=[Client ID for the Admin Panel (S2S) app]
    SERVER_CLIENT_SECRET=[Client secret for the Admin Panel (S2S) app]
    ```
3. In your project directory, under the /admin-panel folder, create an .env file:
    ```
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_URI=[The host url of this admin panel worker]
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_URI=[The host url of your auth server]
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_ID=[Client ID for the Admin Panel (SPA) app]
    ```
4. Build the project
    ```
    npm run cf:build
    ```
5. Deploy
    ```
    npm run cf:deploy
    ```

Commit message:

Add instructions to update the redirectUri values

docs/admin-panel-setup.md, after:

# Admin Panel

Follow these instructions to set up and run the admin panel locally or in production.

## 1. Prerequisites
Complete the auth server setup first.

## 2. Get Started

```
cd melody-auth/admin-panel
cp .env.example .env
```

## 3. Update the .env file with the following variables:
```
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_URI: Set this to the host url of your admin panel app
NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_URI: Set this to the host url of your auth server.
NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_ID: Client ID for the Admin Panel (SPA) app
SERVER_CLIENT_ID: Client ID for the Admin Panel (S2S) app
SERVER_CLIENT_SECRET: Client secret for the Admin Panel (S2S) app
```

- For Cloudflare remote/production environment, you can find the necessary information in the Cloudflare dashboard under "Workers & Pages" -> D1 -> Melody Auth database -> app table.
- For Cloudflare local/development environment, use the following command to retrieve app information:
  ```
  cd melody-auth/server
  wrangler d1 execute melody-auth --command="select * from app"
  ```
- For NodeJS environment, check your Postgres melody-auth database -> app table

## 4. Start the admin panel app

Start the admin panel app
```
cd melody-auth/admin-panel
npm install
npm run dev
```

### First-time Setup

1. When you first access the admin panel, you'll be redirected to the auth server login screen. Create a new account.
2. After creating an account, you'll be redirected back to the admin panel with an "super_admin role required" alert. This is expected for new accounts.
3. To grant super admin access:
    - For Cloudflare remote/production environment:
      1. Go to the Cloudflare dashboard
      2. Navigate to "Workers & Pages" -> D1 -> Melody Auth database -> user_role table
      3. Add a new record with userId = 1 and roleId = 1 (assuming you just created the first user)
    - For Cloudflare local/development environment:
      ```
      cd melody-auth/server
      wrangler d1 execute melody-auth --command="insert into user_role (userId, roleId) values (1, 1)"
      ```
    - For NodeJS environment, insert following record to your Postgres melody-auth database:
      ```
      insert into user_role (userId, roleId) values (1, 1)
      ```
4. Logout (Required after update user role) and login again. You should now have full access.

### Deploy Admin Panel to Cloudflare Workers
The Admin Panel is a full-stack Next.js application typically deployed in a Node.js environment. Deployment to Cloudflare Workers is now supported via the opennextjs-cloudflare package.
  
Steps to Deploy:  
1. Create a new worker named "melody-auth-admin-panel"
2. Go to "melody-auth-admin-panel" Cloudflare Dashboard -> Settings -> Variables and Secrets, add following secrets
    ```
    SERVER_CLIENT_ID=[Client ID for the Admin Panel (S2S) app]
    SERVER_CLIENT_SECRET=[Client secret for the Admin Panel (S2S) app]
    ```
3. In your project directory, under the /admin-panel folder, create an .env file:
    ```
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_URI=[The host url of this admin panel worker]
    NEXT_PUBLIC_SERVER_URI=[The host url of your auth server]
    NEXT_PUBLIC_CLIENT_ID=[Client ID for the Admin Panel (SPA) app]
    ```
4. Navigate to "Workers & Pages" -> D1 -> Melody Auth database -> app table 
    - Update the redirectUris values in Admin Panel (SPA)	entry with the cloudflare  (e.g., https://melody-auth-admin.[your-account-name].workers.dev)

5. Build the project
    ```
    npm run cf:build
    ```
6. Deploy
    ```
    npm run cf:deploy
    ```
