docs/auth-server.md, before:

# Server Setup

## Prerequisites

- A Cloudflare account
- Node.js and npm installed on your local machine

## Installation and Setup

### 1. Cloudflare Account Setup
1. Sign up for a Cloudflare account if you don't have one already.
2. Install Wrangler CLI and authenticate:
```
npx wrangler
wrangler login
```

### 2. Cloudflare Resource Creation
Go to Cloudflare dashboard

1. Create a Worker:
- Go to Workers & Pages -> Overview -> Click "Create" button
- Name the worker "melody-auth"
- After creation, go to the worker settings -> Variables
- Add a variable named "AUTH_SERVER_URL" with the value set to your worker's URL 
  (e.g., https://melody-auth.[your-account-name].workers.dev)

2. Create a D1 database:
- Go to Workers & Pages -> D1 -> Click "Create database" button

3. Create a KV namespace:
- Go to Workers & Pages -> KV -> Click "Create a namespace" button

### 3. Project Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone git@github.com:ValueMelody/melody-auth.git
cd melody-auth
npm install
```

2. Update `server/wrangler.toml`:
Replace the KV id and D1 id with your newly created resources:
```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "KV"
id = "your_kv_namespace_id"

[[d1_databases]]
binding = "DB"
database_name = "melody-auth"
database_id = "your_d1_database_id"
```

### 4. Deploy
Run the following commands to set up your remote D1, KV, and deploy the code to your Worker:
```
cd server
npm run prod:secret:generate
npm run prod:migration:apply
npm run prod:deploy
```
Now you are all set, you can verify your server by accessing: `[your_worker_url]/.well-known/openid-configuration`

## Email Functionality Setup
Melody Auth supports email-based features such as password reset, email verification and email MFA. To enable these features, you need to set up SendGrid integration and configure the necessary environment variables in your Cloudflare Worker.

### Prerequisites
- A SendGrid account
- SendGrid API key
- Verified sender email address in SendGrid

### Configuration Steps

1. Navigate to the Cloudflare dashboard:
   - Go to Workers & Pages
   - Select your Melody Auth worker
   - Click on "Settings" -> "Variables"

2. Add the following environment variables:

   | Variable Name | Description | Example Value |
   |---------------|-------------|---------------|
   | ENVIRONMENT | Determines the email sending behavior | "prod" or "dev" |
   | DEV_EMAIL_RECEIVER | Email address for testing (used when ENVIRONMENT is not 'prod') | "test@example.com" |
   | SENDGRID_API_KEY | Your SendGrid API key | "SG.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" |
   | SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS | Your verified sender email address in SendGrid | "noreply@yourdomain.com" |

3. Click "Save and deploy" to apply the changes.

### Environment Behavior

- When `ENVIRONMENT` is set to "prod":
  - Emails will be sent to the actual user email addresses.
  - Use this setting for production deployments.

- When `ENVIRONMENT` is not set to "prod" (e.g., set to "dev"):
  - All emails will be redirected to the address specified in `DEV_EMAIL_RECEIVER`.
  - This is useful for testing and development to avoid sending emails to real users.

### Local Development Environment Setup
To set up your local development environment, follow these steps:
```
git clone git@github.com:ValueMelody/melody-auth.git
cd melody-auth
npm install

cd server
cp dev.vars.example dev.vars # Your email functionality related env vars should be put here
npm run dev:secret:generate
npm run dev:migration:apply
npm run dev:start
```



## Additional Configs

Melody Auth offers a range of customizable options to tailor the server to your specific needs. You can modify these settings by adjusting the values in the `[vars]` section of the `server/wrangler.toml` file.

To apply your changes:

1. Open `server/wrangler.toml` in your preferred text editor.
2. Locate the `[vars]` section.
3. Modify the values as needed.
4. Save the file.
5. Redeploy your server using the command:
```
cd server
npm run prod:deploy
```

### AUTHORIZATION_CODE_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 300 (5 minutes)  
- **Description:** Determines how long the authorization code is valid before it expires.

### SPA_ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 1800 (30 minutes)  
- **Description:** Determines how long the access token granted for single page applications is valid before it expires.

### SPA_REFRESH_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 604800 (7 days)
- **Description:** Determines how long the refresh token granted for single page applications is valid before it expires.

### S2S_ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 3600 (1 hour)
- **Description:** Determines how long the access token granted for server-to-server applications is valid before it expires.

### ID_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 1800 (30 minutes)
- **Description:** Determines how long the ID token is valid before it expires.

### SERVER_SESSION_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 1800 (30 minutes)
- **Description:** Determines how long the server session is valid before it expires. If set to 0, the server session will be disabled.

### COMPANY_LOGO_URL
- **Default:** https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ValueMelody/melody-homepage/main/logo.jpg
- **Description:** The logo used for branding.

### ENABLE_SIGN_UP
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Determines if user sign-up is allowed. If set to false, the sign-up button will be suppressed on the sign-in page.

### ENABLE_PASSWORD_RESET
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Determines if user password reset is allowed. If set to false, the reset password button will be suppressed on the sign-in page. (Email functionality required. To enable email functionality, you need to set valid `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS` environment variables first.)

### ENABLE_NAMES
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Provides fields for users to enter their first and last names during sign-up. If set to false, the first and last name fields will not show up on the sign-up page.

### NAMES_IS_REQUIRED
- **Default:** false
- **Description:** Determines if users are required to provide their first and last names during sign-up.

### ENABLE_USER_APP_CONSENT
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Requires users to consent to grant access to each app after authentication.

### ENABLE_EMAIL_VERIFICATION
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** If set to true, users will receive an email to verify their email address after signing up. (Email functionality required. To enable email functionality, you need to set valid `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS` environment variables first.)

### OTP_MFA_IS_REQUIRED
- **Default:** false
- **Description:** Enables OTP-based multi-factor authentication (MFA) for user sign-in. When set to true, users are required to configure OTP using an app like Google Authenticator during the sign-in process.

### EMAIL_MFA_IS_REQUIRED
- **Default:** false
- **Description:** Controls email-based multi-factor authentication (MFA) for user sign-in. If set to true, users receive an MFA code via email to confirm their login. (Email functionality required. To enable email functionality, you need to set valid `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS` environment variables first.)

### ENFORCE_ONE_MFA_ENROLLMENT
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** This setting requires that users enroll in at least one form of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA). This setting is only effective if both OTP_MFA_IS_REQUIRED and EMAIL_MFA_IS_REQUIRED are set to false. (Email functionality required. To enable email functionality, you need to set valid `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS` environment variables first.)

### ENABLE_EMAIL_MFA_IF_OTP_MFA_IS_OPTIONAL
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** This setting allows users to use email-based MFA as an alternative method for signing in if they are enrolled in OTP MFA and both OTP_MFA_IS_REQUIRED and EMAIL_MFA_IS_REQUIRED are set to false (Email functionality required. To enable email functionality, you need to set valid `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS` environment variables first.)

### ACCOUNT_LOCKOUT_THRESHOLD
- **Default:** 5
- **Description:** Number of failed login attempts before the user account is locked. Set to 0 to disable the account lockout feature.

### ACCOUNT_LOCKOUT_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 86400 (1 day)
- **Description:** Duration (in seconds) for which the account remains locked after reaching the lockout threshold. Set to 0 for indefinite lockout until manual intervention.

### UNLOCK_ACCOUNT_VIA_PASSWORD_RESET
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** User can unlock their account by reset password. (Email functionality required. To enable email functionality, you need to set valid `SENDGRID_API_KEY` and `SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS` environment variables first.)

### SUPPORTED_LOCALES
- **Default:** ['en', 'fr']
- **Description:** Specifies the locales supported for identity pages and emails.

### ENABLE_LOCALE_SELECTOR
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Determines whether users can switch to a different locale on identity pages. If only one locale is supported (`SUPPORTED_LOCALE`), the locale selector will be suppressed, regardless of this setting.

Commit message:

Support use Brevo as email sender

docs/auth-server.md, after:

# Server Setup

## Prerequisites

- A Cloudflare account
- Node.js and npm installed on your local machine

## Installation and Setup

### 1. Cloudflare Account Setup
1. Sign up for a Cloudflare account if you don't have one already.
2. Install Wrangler CLI and authenticate:
```
npx wrangler
wrangler login
```

### 2. Cloudflare Resource Creation
Go to Cloudflare dashboard

1. Create a Worker:
- Go to Workers & Pages -> Overview -> Click "Create" button
- Name the worker "melody-auth"
- After creation, go to the worker settings -> Variables
- Add a variable named "AUTH_SERVER_URL" with the value set to your worker's URL 
  (e.g., https://melody-auth.[your-account-name].workers.dev)

2. Create a D1 database:
- Go to Workers & Pages -> D1 -> Click "Create database" button

3. Create a KV namespace:
- Go to Workers & Pages -> KV -> Click "Create a namespace" button

### 3. Project Setup

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone git@github.com:ValueMelody/melody-auth.git
cd melody-auth
npm install
```

2. Update `server/wrangler.toml`:
Replace the KV id and D1 id with your newly created resources:
```toml
[[kv_namespaces]]
binding = "KV"
id = "your_kv_namespace_id"

[[d1_databases]]
binding = "DB"
database_name = "melody-auth"
database_id = "your_d1_database_id"
```

### 4. Deploy
Run the following commands to set up your remote D1, KV, and deploy the code to your Worker:
```
cd server
npm run prod:secret:generate
npm run prod:migration:apply
npm run prod:deploy
```
Now you are all set, you can verify your server by accessing: `[your_worker_url]/.well-known/openid-configuration`

## Email Functionality Setup
Melody Auth supports email-based features such as password reset, email verification and email MFA. To make sure these features works as expected, you need to set up SendGrid or Brevo integration and configure the necessary environment variables in your Cloudflare Worker.

### Prerequisites
- A SendGrid/Brevo account
- SendGrid/Brevo API key
- Verified sender email address in SendGrid/Brevo

### Configuration Steps

1. Navigate to the Cloudflare dashboard:
   - Go to Workers & Pages
   - Select your Melody Auth worker
   - Click on "Settings" -> "Variables"

2. Add the following environment variables:

   | Variable Name | Description | Example Value |
   |---------------|-------------|---------------|
   | ENVIRONMENT | Determines the email sending behavior | "prod" or "dev" |
   | DEV_EMAIL_RECEIVER | Email address for testing (used when ENVIRONMENT is not 'prod') | "test@example.com" |
   | SENDGRID_API_KEY | Your SendGrid API key (not needed if you intend to use Brevo) | "SG.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" |
   | SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS | Your verified sender email address in SendGrid (not needed if you intend to use Brevo) | "noreply@yourdomain.com" |
   | BREVO_API_KEY | Your Brevo API key (not needed if you intend to use SendGrid) | "xkeysib-.xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx" |
   | BREVO_SENDER_ADDRESS | Your verified sender email address in Brevo (not needed if you intend to use SendGrid) | "noreply@yourdomain.com" |

3. Click "Save and deploy" to apply the changes.

### Environment Behavior

- When `ENVIRONMENT` is set to "prod":
  - Emails will be sent to the actual user email addresses.
  - Use this setting for production deployments.

- When `ENVIRONMENT` is not set to "prod" (e.g., set to "dev"):
  - All emails will be redirected to the address specified in `DEV_EMAIL_RECEIVER`.
  - This is useful for testing and development to avoid sending emails to real users.

- Priority Between SendGrid and Brevo:
  - If both SendGrid and Brevo keys and sender addresses are provided, SendGrid will take precedence.

## Local Development Environment Setup
To set up your local development environment, follow these steps:
```
git clone git@github.com:ValueMelody/melody-auth.git
cd melody-auth
npm install

cd server
cp dev.vars.example dev.vars # Your email functionality related env vars should be put here
npm run dev:secret:generate
npm run dev:migration:apply
npm run dev:start
```



## Additional Configs

Melody Auth offers a range of customizable options to tailor the server to your specific needs. You can modify these settings by adjusting the values in the `[vars]` section of the `server/wrangler.toml` file.

To apply your changes:

1. Open `server/wrangler.toml` in your preferred text editor.
2. Locate the `[vars]` section.
3. Modify the values as needed.
4. Save the file.
5. Redeploy your server using the command:
```
cd server
npm run prod:deploy
```

### AUTHORIZATION_CODE_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 300 (5 minutes)  
- **Description:** Determines how long the authorization code is valid before it expires.

### SPA_ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 1800 (30 minutes)  
- **Description:** Determines how long the access token granted for single page applications is valid before it expires.

### SPA_REFRESH_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 604800 (7 days)
- **Description:** Determines how long the refresh token granted for single page applications is valid before it expires.

### S2S_ACCESS_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 3600 (1 hour)
- **Description:** Determines how long the access token granted for server-to-server applications is valid before it expires.

### ID_TOKEN_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 1800 (30 minutes)
- **Description:** Determines how long the ID token is valid before it expires.

### SERVER_SESSION_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 1800 (30 minutes)
- **Description:** Determines how long the server session is valid before it expires. If set to 0, the server session will be disabled.

### COMPANY_LOGO_URL
- **Default:** https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ValueMelody/melody-homepage/main/logo.jpg
- **Description:** The logo used for branding.

### ENABLE_SIGN_UP
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Determines if user sign-up is allowed. If set to false, the sign-up button will be suppressed on the sign-in page.

### ENABLE_PASSWORD_RESET
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Determines if user password reset is allowed. If set to false, the reset password button will be suppressed on the sign-in page.
[Email functionality setup required](#email-functionality-setup)

### ENABLE_NAMES
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Provides fields for users to enter their first and last names during sign-up. If set to false, the first and last name fields will not show up on the sign-up page.

### NAMES_IS_REQUIRED
- **Default:** false
- **Description:** Determines if users are required to provide their first and last names during sign-up.

### ENABLE_USER_APP_CONSENT
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Requires users to consent to grant access to each app after authentication.

### ENABLE_EMAIL_VERIFICATION
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** If set to true, users will receive an email to verify their email address after signing up.
[Email functionality setup required](#email-functionality-setup)

### OTP_MFA_IS_REQUIRED
- **Default:** false
- **Description:** Enables OTP-based multi-factor authentication (MFA) for user sign-in. When set to true, users are required to configure OTP using an app like Google Authenticator during the sign-in process.

### EMAIL_MFA_IS_REQUIRED
- **Default:** false
- **Description:** Controls email-based multi-factor authentication (MFA) for user sign-in. If set to true, users receive an MFA code via email to confirm their login.
[Email functionality setup required](#email-functionality-setup)

### ENFORCE_ONE_MFA_ENROLLMENT
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** This setting requires that users enroll in at least one form of Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA). This setting is only effective if both OTP_MFA_IS_REQUIRED and EMAIL_MFA_IS_REQUIRED are set to false.
[Email functionality setup required](#email-functionality-setup)

### ENABLE_EMAIL_MFA_IF_OTP_MFA_IS_OPTIONAL
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** This setting allows users to use email-based MFA as an alternative method for signing in if they are enrolled in OTP MFA and both OTP_MFA_IS_REQUIRED and EMAIL_MFA_IS_REQUIRED are set to false
[Email functionality setup required](#email-functionality-setup)

### ACCOUNT_LOCKOUT_THRESHOLD
- **Default:** 5
- **Description:** Number of failed login attempts before the user account is locked. Set to 0 to disable the account lockout feature.

### ACCOUNT_LOCKOUT_EXPIRES_IN
- **Default:** 86400 (1 day)
- **Description:** Duration (in seconds) for which the account remains locked after reaching the lockout threshold. Set to 0 for indefinite lockout until manual intervention.

### UNLOCK_ACCOUNT_VIA_PASSWORD_RESET
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** User can unlock their account by reset password. 
[Email functionality setup required](#email-functionality-setup)

### SUPPORTED_LOCALES
- **Default:** ['en', 'fr']
- **Description:** Specifies the locales supported for identity pages and emails.

### ENABLE_LOCALE_SELECTOR
- **Default:** true
- **Description:** Determines whether users can switch to a different locale on identity pages. If only one locale is supported (`SUPPORTED_LOCALE`), the locale selector will be suppressed, regardless of this setting.
