docs/social-sign-in-provider-setup.md, before:

# Social Sign-In Configuration
Melody Auth supports the following social identity providers out of the box:
- Google
- Facebook
- GitHub

## Google Sign-In
1. Set `GOOGLE_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.

## Facebook Sign-In
1. Set `FACEBOOK_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `FACEBOOK_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables.

## GitHub Sign-In
1. Set `GITHUB_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `GITHUB_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables.
3. In your GitHub App settings, set the callback URL to [your auth server doamin]/identity/v1/authorize-github, e.g., http://localhost:8787/identity/v1/authorize-github

## Discord Sign-In
1. Set `DISCORD_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `DISCORD_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables.
3. In your Discord App settings, set the redirect URI to [your auth server domain]/identity/v1/authorize-discord, e.g., http://localhost:8787/identity/v1/authorize-discord

## Apple Sign-In
1. Set `APPLE_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `APPLE_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables. This client secret has a limited lifespan and needs to be periodically updated. https://developer.apple.com/documentation/AccountOrganizationalDataSharing/creating-a-client-secret
3. In your Apple App settings, set the redirect URI to [your auth server domain]/identity/v1/authorize-apple, e.g., http://localhost:8787/identity/v1/authorize-apple

Commit message:

Allow load user email with discord sign-in

docs/social-sign-in-provider-setup.md, after:

# Social Sign-In Configuration
Melody Auth supports the following social identity providers out of the box:
- Google
- Facebook
- GitHub

## Google Sign-In
1. Set `GOOGLE_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.

## Facebook Sign-In
1. Set `FACEBOOK_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `FACEBOOK_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables.

## GitHub Sign-In
1. Set `GITHUB_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `GITHUB_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables.
3. In your GitHub App settings, set the callback URL to [your auth server doamin]/identity/v1/authorize-github, e.g., http://localhost:8787/identity/v1/authorize-github

## Discord Sign-In
1. Set `DISCORD_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `DISCORD_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables.
3. In your Discord App settings, set the redirect URI to [your auth server domain]/identity/v1/authorize-discord, e.g., http://localhost:8787/identity/v1/authorize-discord
4. If you want to get user's email, you need to set the value of `SocialSignInConfig.DiscordScope` to `identify+email` in `server/src/configs/variable.ts`

## Apple Sign-In
1. Set `APPLE_AUTH_CLIENT_ID` in `server/wrangler.toml` vars section.
2. Set `APPLE_AUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.dev.vars` section or in Cloudflare Worker environment variables. This client secret has a limited lifespan and needs to be periodically updated. https://developer.apple.com/documentation/AccountOrganizationalDataSharing/creating-a-client-secret
3. In your Apple App settings, set the redirect URI to [your auth server domain]/identity/v1/authorize-apple, e.g., http://localhost:8787/identity/v1/authorize-apple
